fix description-too-long warning (#576)
ROCm/rocWMMA: CMakeLists.txt

rocm_create_package(
  NAME rocwmma

>   DESCRIPTION "AMD C++ library for GEMM, GEMM-like 2D matrix multiplication on GPU using MFMA"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  DESCRIPTION "AMD GPU C++ library for GEMM primitives using MFMA and WMMA matrix instructions"
```
